.\" Copyright 2007 Nick White
.\"
.\" This file is part of GetHT
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License 
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307, USA.
.TH GETHT 1
.SH NAME 
.B GetHT
\- The Free Hinduism Today Digital Edition Downloader
.SH SYNOPSIS
.TP 5
\fBgetht
\fI[-ualmofVvh] [-d issno] [-n medno] [-t tocfile] [-m medtocfile]\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.I GetHT
is a program which downloads multimedia and pdf files 
from Hinduism Today. It has good proxy support, and
is small, fast, and simple.

.I GetHT
is not endorsed by or affiliated with Hinduism Today. 

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-u, \-\-update
Update the Hinduism Today contents files.
.TP
.B \-a, \-\-download-all
Download all issues of Hinduism Today. 
.TP
.B \-d, \-\-download-issue issno
Download the issue numbered issno (use \fI-l\fR to find
issue numbers).
.TP
.B \-n, \-\-download-media medno
Download the multimedia file numbered medno (use \fI-m\fR
to find media numbers).
.TP
.B \-m, \-\-download-all-media
Download all multimedia files distributed by Hinduism 
Today.
.TP
.B \-f, \-\-force
Force getht to download files, even if they have
already been downloaded. This is useful if a download
has been corrupted or interrupted.
.TP
.B \-l, \-\-list-issues
List the issues of Hinduism Today, with issue numbers,
sorted by date.
.TP
.B \m, \-\-list-media
List the multimedia files associated with Hinduism 
today, with media numbers, sorted by issue date.
.TP
.B \-t, \-\-tocfile tocfile
Use a different contents file, as specified by tocfile.
.TP
.B \-x, \-\-mediatocfile mediatocfile
Use a different media contents file, as specified by
mediatocfile.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Print a brief usage message.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
Make the output from \fI-l\fR and \fI-m\fR more verbose.
May be used twice to make output yet more verbose.
.TP
.B \-V, \-\-version
Display the version number.

.SH CONFIGURATION FILE
All of the settings for GetHT are stored in the 
configuration file, which normally resides in
\fB~/.getht/config.ini\fR.

The format of this file is very simple:
\fB<option> = <setting>\fR
with commented lines starting with a # 

The following options may be set.
.TP
.B issuepath
Stores the path in which all issues and multimedia 
files will be saved. The default setting is
\fB~/hinduism_today/\fR
.TP
.B startup_check
Whether to automatically check for new issues each 
time the GetHT is executed. \fB1\fR = yes, \fB0\fR = no
The default setting is \fB0\fR
.TP
.B proxy_type
The type of proxy (if any) through which GetHT is to
pass. GetHT currently supports the following options:
\fBhttp\fR, \fBsocks4\fR, and \fBsocks5\fR.
To not use any proxy, simply leave out this line.
.TP
.B proxy_address
The url of the proxy to connect through.
.TP
.B proxy_port
The port of the proxy to connect to.
.TP
.B proxy_auth
The method of authentication (if any) with the proxy.
GetHT currently supports the following options:
\fBbadic\fR, \fBdigest\fR, and \fBntlm\fR.
If you don't need proxy authentication, leave out this
line.
.TP
.B proxy_user
The username with which to connect to the proxy server.
.TP
.B proxy_pass
The password with which to connect to to proxy server.

.SH FILES
.TP
.B ~/getht/config.ini
configuration file.

.SH BUGS
.I GetHT
is very new, so there will undoubtedly be some bugs
around, or parts of the program which don't work as
expected.

If you encounter problems, there are several ways to
get help:
.TP
.B Mailing List
.I http://lists.nongnu.org/mailman/listinfo/getht-general
.TP
.B Support Tracker 
.I http://savannah.nongnu.org/support/?group=getht
.TP
.B Bug Tracker
.I http://savannah.nongnu.org/bugs/?group=getht

.SH LICENSE
Copyright 2007 Nick White

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License 
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License 
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307, USA.

.SH AUTHOR
GetHT is at present primarily the work of Nick White, see the AUTHORS
file for full credits and contact details.
